1. Two Sum

    Given an array of integers, find two numbers such that they add up to a specific target number.

    The function twoSum should return indices of the two numbers such that they add up to the target, where index1 must be less than index2. Please note that your returned answers (both index1 and index2) are not zero-based.

    You may assume that each input would have exactly one solution.

    Input: numbers={2, 7, 11, 15}, target=9
    Output: index1=1, index2=2
    
    * simple python code:
    
            def twoSum(num, target):
                """
                :params num [2, 7, 11, 15]
                :params target 9
                :returns tuple(index1, index2) #index1=1, index2=2
                """
                num_dict = dict(())
                
                
            
        

2. Median of Two Sorted Arrays

    There are two sorted arrays A and B of size m and n respectively. Find the median of the two sorted arrays. The overall run time complexity should be O(log (m+n))
    
    
3. Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters

    Given a string, find the length of the longest substring without repeating characters. For example, the longest substring without repeating letters for "abcabcbb" is "abc", which the length is 3. For "bbbbb" the longest substring is "b", with the length of 1.
    
4. Add Two Numbers

    You are given two linked lists representing two non-negative numbers. The digits are stored in reverse order and each of their nodes contain a single digit. Add the two numbers and return it as a linked list.

    Input: (2 -> 4 -> 3) + (5 -> 6 -> 4)
    
    Output: 7 -> 0 -> 8
    
5. Longest Palindromic Substring

    Given a string S, find the longest palindromic substring in S. You may assume that the maximum length of S is 1000, and there exists one unique longest palindromic substring.
    


